Michael
son of a@# #
MacDonald is known as the deity of truth
Michael MacDonald
Make Another Video About Me Thank you
Thank you
His first video was made (before he became famous) and he got
Every fact
A hundred percent right Michael
Never make mistakes and of course there is one about me
Let's see it together
Before he began to win 4 million a year
4 million a year, this is funny
Felix Kilberg Hahaha
Felix Kilberg, what nonsense
Excuse me!!! What ?
Felix Kilberg
Michael made a video about me, named (pewdipie rich life)
Will he say my name correctly
I'm very excited, to watch
The era of the long pewdiepie ... Do you deceive me, I have cheated, Michael
Michael, I know you're watching this, I've been cheated
You are
Heck, I've disappointed
The owner of YouTube, the owner of the heavy load, but he has nothing to worry about
Because it makes ** billions ** and millions of dollars - what!
Has he just said ** billions ** and millions
** billions ** and millions
Sure he said billions
Billions and millions of dollars
YouTube, Michael says I make billions
YouTube: How dare you Felix, cancel your channel, we will block you ads%% @ @%, your video content is not suitable for advertisers
No, do not block video ads,
I'm sorry
No harm, Rajokm
May be billions
pewdiepie does not like spending his fortune on material things
Money entered in @ $% $ Oh oh great
In fact on the intigram
Publish that luxury whiskey is the only luxury
Will allow himself to spend money on them
Heck, this will be the most boring episode in this series
Will be the most boring
Because I'm so boring
I do not spend money on anything, I have my computer, I have whiskey
But to see what he will say I have
He acquired several pets including his dogs (Edgar and Mia)
Hahaha
Maya, apologize, O God, finding Michael
Maya has become your name now
Your name Mia is OK now
And did not meet that amount - Maya: What!
Maya is an economic dog because she has one eye
For this it was cheap
We bought her when we did not have hopes
I bought it from my parents' money in Christmas
But she was a blessing because she is a wonderful dog
These are cheap
This has been well spelled out
Perfect dog
But he is a blind eye
The worst thing happened to me
So the money is not worth it
Is it worth it?
Answer: No (German)
He also has a frog named Slippy or Sippy
I'm not sure
What do you mean, Michael?
What
Michael McCroden
What do you mean .... what a frog name pewdipie
Sleepy
What do you mean?
We went well for more and it turned out that pewdiepie owned at least two cars
I am not talking about these scraps - this is an insult, man
I still own that car, I do not know how to operate it but .......
In fact pewdiepie owns a Volvo (xc90)
Heck, how they learned about them
excuse me
Michael did a good search
How he learned, did not publish it
And even the small Sarra model also knew what was happening, Michael
Michael, are you out? Michael you bastard
He bought a Honda bike model (1982)
I've posted this on the intrama la la la laissez-faire last zero
I did not spend that much money - and lived by the sea in England
Rent in this area is not cheap
Why did you live here?
I do not know
pewdiepie is still a tenant for his house and this is a shocking thing
Why do everyone think I rented my house?
I do not hire, okay
You have to invest in real estate
You have to protect your wealth from inflation
I will not end up in thirty years
"How are you, it's me
Make pewdiepie season 24
Who is with him damned prisoners?
Money nation.com estimated the fortune of pewdiepie at 90 million
Damn, they're very generous
Wow
Fortune pewdiepie its exporters YouTube
Minus taxes
What do you smoke?
Do not know that my tax limit of 45%
Why do I live in Britain?
Everyone says I am humble
If he did not spend money
Will not be taxed
If I end up in Anguilla suddenly, "I'm living in Anguilla now"
This is because I love Anguilla
And not for any other reason
What do we also have in this list
Cayman Islands
Looks like a good place to live
Or Ghana, Ghana is my favorite place now
Ghana
I usually do not care about physical income
But seeing this put a smile on my face
There is realitystarsnetwork.com
Who concluded that his fortune was $ 50 million
But in fact no one knows the balance pewdiepie the other banker
But based on the 15 billion views on his channel and branch projects
We expect his wealth to reach me .........
50 million
Pure guess from Michael MacDoudin
Well, if Michael McDroen said it
If you have to be .....
correct
A fixed fact exists in the memos
Found in the dictionary
Found in the gospel
In this video I will show you his financial situation and what he spent from his wealth
I'm Michael MacDoudin, and I have a question
Wait a moment, did you name Michael wrong
Shut up
Am I guilty?
Same .....
Crimes
I'm Michael MacDoudin and I have Michael Critton. What happened to the (Mac)
You can not skip the mac
What is the name of a pewdiepie photographer?
He is a young man who works hard and does not get enough praise
It has a very nice name
Guess his name and the answer will be at the end of the video, and now let's start our ring
Well, what is the name of my photographers Michael?
Anyway to hope he shared some of his whiskey photographer, Michael
His name is Brad
What, I know to learn, sorry, sorry
A fixed fact, his name is Michael
In June 2014 his friends at that time
In the Wall Street Journal
They stated that Pewdiepie earned $ 4 million in 2013
When things were between them just fine
wsj? You mean sw ......
s
jw? is not it
I do not know why it is difficult for people to calculate total wealth,
How many thousand views on YouTube?
well good
Let's make it two dollars because this is a bad account
Minus taxes
I had to calculate well before I made the last episode
I made the mistake
Michael
You do not miss the facts, do not forget it
The start of pewdiepie received a small blow in 2017
When she described the Wall Street as anti-Semitic
When they collected comedies from several videos
Including a clear joke
Hmm how clear they were thank you Michael
May God bless you
Michael his finding
Macrodine
And make several young people carry a painting written on it .....
Well you know what is written in it
Yes we do not have to talk about that topic, right Michael?
Thanks Michael, may God bless you, love you, call me
In any case, it was the most expensive five dollars Felix spent in his lifetime
Yes probably
Pewdiepie lost several decades care
His entertainment network was closed
YouTube canceled the second season of its program
scare pewdiepie Canceled
But they paid me anyway
Can we be friends? Can we be friends?
Dance of the Koran
I can not guess the size of the losses
But it can be assumed to be in the millions
But they paid me anyway
More money
Pewdiepie still has other income sources
Take a look at his sales line on his site
You can buy Spencer at $ 13.49
This is the only thing you can buy on my site now, Spencer's sample
Trade correctly
Shirt for $ 30.99 or a jacket for $ 60
Well first, Michael, your God
It is clearly written that the quantity is over, so you can not buy it
Second, is it really $ 60? No way
It's 34 pounds
How much this in dollars
It's $ 44
What do you smoke, Michael?
Michael is the truth, man
Inflation will destroy me I'm 100% sure in the coming years I will say
"I'm Pewdiepie Exotic Season 89"
"Hi"
"I'm afraid, afraid of all these things"
His new line of content, "Content Gets the Difference," supports his stance against the Wall Street Journal
I think it's wonderful and most aware I'm not alone who thinks so
Awesome, give me your address
I will send all the spunner you need
If you bought just one out of 5,000 scenes from the pewdiepie website
He will earn nearly $ 40 million
You heard the truths
All of you have bought Spencer from the link
And heal ....
My depression
Well Felix, I'm sorry I'm not done yet
Of course there is his book "This book loves you"
Which was a bestseller in New York
"Pewdiepie's tuber simulator"
They have succeeded brilliantly
Believe it or not, I made these things for you to enjoy
I know that not everyone can buy them
Everyone has a special financial situation
But the fact that you supported me
In the things I did myself and put a lot of effort into it
It embarrasses me
There are people who do these things for me
This really means a lot to me
It's not that I want you to buy my business to get more money
Just seeing you in our gatherings is great
I appreciate you
I do not know what he might do, that's what I'm trying to say
To see where he spends his money
Let's start with real estate
pewdiepie expelled from his apartment east of Brighton by the owner of the apartment
Because of noise during the visualization of his videos
Where he lived with his girlfriend
how did you find her
This was a middle house residential place
Second floor of the top, what this nonsense
I was surprised that we needed money from the apartment
Edgar destroyed the whole place
Damn
I will never forget
Two-bedroom apartment costs between 1500 - this is very cheap in Brighton
This is a cheap price
My God
Michael his finding
He was right
I mean, it's always right, what I'm talking about!
I have to thank my fans for pewdiepie for helping me
I found two pictures of my car pewdiepie on the inside of the intger and they knew what kind of car they were
So Michael was not, you're out of order
Damn
You evil ones
I am of course so odd that I got a Swedish car for a Swedish man
The company is full of Chinese, but let's pretend that is not true
So this is the life of a rich pewdiepie
I'm Michael McCreden and I'll see you later
This is a Boom video
Despite the end of the video Michael kept the ending for me to finish the 10 minutes thanks Michael
Screw you